#labels Featured
===1. Context===
The akismet extension is meant to provide 'post publish' spam protection in cases where content objects (comments, trackback, etc) can be added by visitors. Tge extension is based on the Akismet extension by Kristof Coomans for eZ publish 3.x (http://projects.ez.no/akismet)


===2. Features===
This extension differs from the version by Kristof Coomans:
- It is not integrated with the ez approval workflow, but can of course be combined with the approval workflow;
- It does not require custom information extrator php classes, but can be configured in the configuration file;
- It uses the PHP5 version of the Akismet class developed by Bret Kuhns, improving performance;
- The name of the module view 'akismet/submit' has been changed to 'akismet/reportspam';


===3. Example of use===
As a check on any content objects submitted by visitors to your site. Can be used to check comments, forum posts, user accounts, trackback objects, etc. for spam.


===4. Feedback===
Please send all your remarks, comments and suggestions for improvement to
project@contactivity.com.


===5. Disclaimer===
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public Licenseas published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

===6.Support===
If you're experiencing problems installing, configuring, or using this extension and require professional support, please visit:
http://www.contactivity.com/productsupport *